Documentation and Nightly CI Followup (#8579)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/contributing/developers/_index.md

2. If you don't find a similar issue, [open an issue](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/issues/new/choose) using the appropriate template, such as a **Bug Report**.

### Small bug fixes

If your bug fix is small (around 20 lines of code), just open a pull request. The PR template walks you through providing context and tests that verify your fix works. Solo's engineering team will try to merge the fix as soon as possible.

### Big PRs

Sometimes, you might need to open a larger PR, such as for:

- Big bug fixes
- New features

For significant changes to the Gloo Edge project, get input on the design before starting on the implementation.

1. Refer to [Filing issues](#filing-issues) to find or open an issue with your idea.
2. Message the [Solo team on Slack](https://slack.solo.io) to discuss your proposed changes and come up with an implementation plan.
3. Refer to the [`devel` directory](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/tree/main/devel) in the Gloo Edge project for tools and helpful information to contribute, debug, and test your code.

> 4. Open a draft PR with the `wip` label to get feedback on your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open a draft PR with the `work in progress` label to get feedback on your work.
```
